doc: mention pm is not enforced when using fd (#53125)
nodejs/node: doc/api/permissions.md

  not subject to the rules of the Permission Model.
* OpenSSL engines cannot be requested at runtime when the Permission
  Model is enabled, affecting the built-in crypto, https, and tls modules.

> * The Permission Model isn't upheld when utilizing File Descriptors via the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Permission Model is not upheld when utilizing existing file descriptors via the
```
